[docs] - Asset metadata guide & updated Asset details page (DOC-160) (#20997)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/metadata-tags.mdx

There are two main types of metadata in Dagster: definition and runtime. In code, you can attach metadata to definitions like assets, jobs, and runs. You'll then be able to view the metadata in the Dagster UI.

- **Definition metadata** is information that's fixed or doesn't frequently change. For example, definition metadata could be:

  - The columns an asset is expected to contain
  - A link to source file in Github that contains the code that defines the asset or job

- **Runtime metadata** is information that changes after an action occurs. This could be how many records were processed, how long an asset took to materialize, etc.

> How metadata is defined depends on the type of definition you're attaching it to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How metadata is defined depends on whether you are using Assets or Ops/Jobs:
```

Maybe more clear?
